ERC20TokenCourse/erc20-token-creation/erc20TokenCreation.md, before:

A token standard tells us what functionality the contract needs to be compliant with it. How this functionality is implemented is up to the developers. In this contract, we are going to use an ERC20 token contract implementation from OpenZeppelin (line 4). 

Have a look at their nicely documented <a href="https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20.sol" target="_blank">ERC20 contract</a> to have a better understanding of how an implementation might look. Apart from the functionality specified in the ERC20 standard, this contract provides additional functionality.

We will create our own contract called MyToken (line 6), which inherits (line 6) the functionality from the OpenZepplin ERC20 token contract implementation that we imported (line 4).

This contract implements the optional functions `name()` and `symbol()` of the ERC20 Token standard and has a constructor where their values can be set during the deployment of the contract (line 7).
In this case, we are going to use the default values. We will call our token the same as the contract `"MyToken"` and make `"MTK"` its symbol.

Next, we make use of the inherited `_mint` function (line 8) that allows us to create tokens upon deployment of the contract. Inside the parameters, we specify the address of the account that receives the tokens and the amount of tokens that are created. 
In this case, the account that deploys the contract will receive the tokens and we set the amount to 1000000 to the power of `decimals()`. The optional function `decimals()` of the ERC20 token standard is implemented and set to the default value of 18. This will create 1000000 tokens that will have 18 decimal places.

## ⭐️ Assignment
1. Rename your contract to `EduCoin`.
2. Rename your token to `EduCoin`.
3. Change the symbol of your token to `EDC`.
4. Change the amount of tokens that will be minted from 1000000 to 1000.

Commit message:

Add openzepplin version number
Former-commit-id: 519b0affe7a679ae12236a3b99cbd991f6c2a796

ERC20TokenCourse/erc20-token-creation/erc20TokenCreation.md, after:

A token standard tells us what functionality the contract needs to comply with it. How this functionality is implemented is up to the developers. In this contract, we will use an ERC20 token contract implementation from OpenZeppelin (line 4). In this case, we import version 4.4.0 of the OpenZeppelin contracts.

Have a look at their nicely documented <a href="https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20.sol" target="_blank">ERC20 contract</a> to have a better understanding of how an implementation might look. Apart from the functionality specified in the ERC20 standard, this contract provides additional functionality.

We will create our own contract called MyToken (line 6), which inherits (line 6) the functionality from the OpenZepplin ERC20 token contract implementation that we imported (line 4).

This contract implements the optional functions `name()` and `symbol()` of the ERC20 Token standard and has a constructor where their values can be set during the deployment of the contract (line 7).
In this case, we are going to use the default values. We will call our token the same as the contract `"MyToken"` and make `"MTK"` its symbol.

Next, we make use of the inherited `_mint` function (line 8) that allows us to create tokens upon deployment of the contract. Inside the parameters, we specify the address of the account that receives the tokens and the amount of tokens that are created. 
In this case, the account that deploys the contract will receive the tokens and we set the amount to 1000000 to the power of `decimals()`. The optional function `decimals()` of the ERC20 token standard is implemented and set to the default value of 18. This will create 1000000 tokens that will have 18 decimal places.

## ⭐️ Assignment
1. Rename your contract to `EduCoin`.
2. Rename your token to `EduCoin`.
3. Change the symbol of your token to `EDC`.
4. Change the amount of tokens that will be minted from 1000000 to 1000.
