TokenCourse/introduction/introduction.md, before:

In this interactive course, you will learn how to create and interact with blockchain tokens.

Blockchain tokens are a totally new technological building block created by blockchain technology that enables a decentralized, ownable internet (web3). It is sometimes compared in its revolutionary potential to websites that were a new technological building block introduced by the internet.

### Introduction
In this section, we will give you a short theoretical introduction to blockchain technology.

In the context of web3, crypto, blockchain technology, tokens represent ownership. Tokens can represent ownership of anything: art, reputation, items in a video game, shares in a company, voting rights, or currencies.

The revolutionary new innovation of blockchain technology was to truly store data publicly in an immutable (unchangeable) way.
This new form of data storage allows us to keep track of ownership and enable truly ownable digital items for the first time.

Blockchain Technology was originally invented to keep track of the ownership of Bitcoin, a decentralized digital currency, a fungible token.

### Fungible and non-fungible token
Assets like money, for example, a one-dollar bill or Bitcoin, are fungible, meaning that all assets are the same and interchangeable. Assets like art, collectibles, or houses are non-fungible; they are all different and not interchangeable.   

We can divide tokens also into these two types: fungible tokens, where all tokens are the same, and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), where every token is unique.

### Token standard
The behavior of a token is specified in its smart contract (token contract). For example, you might want to transfer a token or check its total supply.

If everybody would create their own token contracts with different naming and behavior, it would make it very hard for people to build contracts or applications that would interact with different tokens.

That’s why the community has developed token standards that define how a developer can create tokens that are interoperable (able to work with others) with other contracts, products, and services.

The most popular token standards are the ERC20 for fungible tokens and the ERC721 for non-fungible tokens. We will learn how to create and interact with both of them in the following sections.

## Assignment

Commit message:

Update introduction and interface section
Former-commit-id: de30b8e167ba7cabe6f78eb29543872b42f4775e

TokenCourse/introduction/introduction.md, after:

In this interactive course, you will learn how to create and interact with blockchain based tokens.

Blockchain tokens are a totally new technological building block created by blockchain technology that enables a decentralized, ownable internet (web3). It is sometimes compared in its revolutionary potential to websites that were a new technological building block introduced by the internet.

### Introduction
In the context of web3, crypto, blockchain technology, tokens represent ownership. Tokens can represent ownership of anything: art, reputation, items in a video game, shares in a company, voting rights, or currencies.

The revolutionary innovation of blockchain technology was to store data publicly in an immutable (unchangeable) way.
This new form of data storage allows us to keep track of ownership and enable truly ownable digital items for the first time.

Blockchain Technology was originally invented to keep track of the ownership of Bitcoin, a decentralized digital currency, a fungible token.

### Fungible and non-fungible token
Assets like money, for example, Bitcoin or a one-dollar bill, are fungible, meaning that all assets are the same and are interchangeable. Assets like art, collectibles, or houses are non-fungible; they are all different and not interchangeable.   

We can divide tokens into this two types: fungible tokens, where all tokens are the same, and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), where every token is unique.

### Token standard
The behavior of a token is specified in its smart contract (token contract). The contract could, for example, include the functionality to transfer a token or check for its total supply.

If everybody would create their own token contracts with different behavior and naming conventions, it would make it very hard for people to build contracts or applications that are able to interact with many of them.

That’s why the community has developed token standards that define how a developer can create tokens that are interoperable (able to work with others) with other contracts, products, and services. Contracts developed under these standards need to include a certain set of functions and events.

The most popular token standards are the ERC20 for fungible tokens and the ERC721 for non-fungible tokens. We will learn how to create and interact with both of them in the following sections.

## Assignment
