NFTTokenCourse/erc721-token-creation/erc721TokenCreation.md, before:

In this contract, we use an ERC721 token contract implementation from OpenZeppelin (line 4). 

Have a look at their implementation of a <a href="https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol" target="_blank">ERC721 contract</a>. Apart from the functionality specified in the ERC721 standard, the contract provides additional functions which we will see in a bit.

## myToken 
We create our own contract called MyToken (line 7), which inherits (line 7) the functionality from the OpenZepplin `ERC721` token contract implementation and `Ownable` that we imported (line 4). If you don't remember the Ownable contract module, have a look at the ERC20 extensions section.

This ERC721 implementation makes use of the IERC721Metadata extension that is specified in the EIP. Our contract inherits the functions `name()` and `symbol()` 
and has a constructor that allows their values to be set during the deployment of the contract (line 8). 
In this case, we are going to use the default values. We name our token the same as the contract `"MyToken"` and make `"MTK"` its symbol.

### Base URI
With an ERC721 contract, we are able to mint various tokens, each with its own tokenId. As we saw in the IERC721Metadata interface, each token can have its own `tokenURI`, which typically points to a JSON file to store metadata like name, description, and image link.
If a contract mints multiple tokens, ERC721 implementations often use the same URI as a base (`baseURI`) for all tokens and only differentiate them by adding their unique `tokenId` at the end via concatenation. In the next part, we will see what this looks like in practice.

In this example, we are storing our data on IPFS — more on that in the next section. Our baseURI is <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/</a> (line 11).
Through concatenation the tokenURI for the token with the id 0 would be <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/0" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/0</a> , the tokenURI for the token with the id 1 would be <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/1" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/1</a>, and so on.

### safeMint
With the safeMint function (line 14) we enable the owner to create new tokens with a dedicated token id after contract deployment.
The safeMint function is part of the ERC721 implementation of OpenZeppelin and lets us safely mint a token with the id `tokenId` to the account with the address `to`. For access control, we use the `onlyOwner` modifier from the Ownable access control contract module that we imported (line 5).

In the next section, we will see how we can create and host the metadata for our NFTs.

## ⭐️ Assignment
1. Rename your contract to `Geometry`.
2. Rename your token to `Geometry`.
3. Change the symbol of your token to `GEO`.
4. Change the `_baseURI` to <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmVrsYxXh5PzTfkKZr1MfUN6PotJj8VQkGQ3kGyBNVKtqp/" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmVrsYxXh5PzTfkKZr1MfUN6PotJj8VQkGQ3kGyBNVKtqp/</a>.

Commit message:

Mention IPFS gateway timeouts
Former-commit-id: c20d14431681ec0472cedb3f794f188465d130fb

NFTTokenCourse/erc721-token-creation/erc721TokenCreation.md, after:

In this contract, we use an ERC721 token contract implementation from OpenZeppelin (line 4). 

Have a look at their implementation of a <a href="https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol" target="_blank">ERC721 contract</a>. Apart from the functionality specified in the ERC721 standard, the contract provides additional functions which we will see in a bit.

## myToken 
We create our own contract called MyToken (line 7), which inherits (line 7) the functionality from the OpenZepplin `ERC721` token contract implementation and `Ownable` that we imported (line 4). If you don't remember the Ownable contract module, have a look at the ERC20 extensions section.

This ERC721 implementation makes use of the IERC721Metadata extension that is specified in the EIP. Our contract inherits the functions `name()` and `symbol()` 
and has a constructor that allows their values to be set during the deployment of the contract (line 8). 
In this case, we are going to use the default values. We name our token the same as the contract `"MyToken"` and make `"MTK"` its symbol.

### Base URI
With an ERC721 contract, we are able to mint various tokens, each with its own tokenId. As we saw in the IERC721Metadata interface, each token can have its own `tokenURI`, which typically points to a JSON file to store metadata like name, description, and image link.
If a contract mints multiple tokens, ERC721 implementations often use the same URI as a base (`baseURI`) for all tokens and only differentiate them by adding their unique `tokenId` at the end via concatenation. In the next part, we will see what this looks like in practice.

In this example, we are storing our data on IPFS — more on that in the next section. Our baseURI is <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/</a> (line 11).
Through concatenation the tokenURI for the token with the id 0 would be <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/0" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/0</a> , the tokenURI for the token with the id 1 would be <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/1" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUYLUKwqX6CaZxeiYGwmAYeEkeTsV4cHNZJmCesuu3xKy/1</a>, and so on.

When using IPFS and you run into "504 Gateway Time-out" errors, you might have to wait and retry until the data is available.

### safeMint
With the safeMint function (line 14) we enable the owner to create new tokens with a dedicated token id after contract deployment.
The safeMint function is part of the ERC721 implementation of OpenZeppelin and lets us safely mint a token with the id `tokenId` to the account with the address `to`. For access control, we use the `onlyOwner` modifier from the Ownable access control contract module that we imported (line 5).

In the next section, we will see how we can create and host the metadata for our NFTs.

## ⭐️ Assignment
1. Rename your contract to `Geometry`.
2. Rename your token to `Geometry`.
3. Change the symbol of your token to `GEO`.
4. Change the `_baseURI` to <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmVrsYxXh5PzTfkKZr1MfUN6PotJj8VQkGQ3kGyBNVKtqp/" target="_blank">https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmVrsYxXh5PzTfkKZr1MfUN6PotJj8VQkGQ3kGyBNVKtqp/</a>.
