basics/2_deploy_JSVM/README.md, before:

# The Basics

## Deploying a contract

### Problem Statment
We've got a contract compiled - which is to say the solidity code has been transformed into little chunks of Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) bytecode.

Now we have to put that code on a blockchain (or on a simulation of a blockchain).  So how are we going to do that?

### Steps
1. Click the Deploy and Run icon ![deploy & run icon](https://github.com/ethereum/remix-workshops/blob/master/basics/2_deploy_JSVM/images/run.png "deploy & run icon").   But click this icon when the ballot.sol is the active tab and after the ballot.sol has been compiled.

2. Select the **JavaScript VM** from the Environment pulldown.

3. In the text box to the right of the Deploy button, the hint text says: **uint8 _numProposals**.  This means the constructor of the Ballot contract is looking for an input that is an integer that is an **uint8** and the name of the variable **is _numProposals**.  So put a number in this text box.  You can caret to open up the interface so you have more room to see the inputs.  This is especially useful if a function has many input parameters - you will soon see where this will come in handy.

4. Click the Deploy button (or the transact button in the expanded view).

5. You have deployed the contract to the JSVM - a simulated blockchain that is running inside of your browser window.  The JSVM is the simplest, fastest  and least realistic of test chains.  You can deploy to other test chains or to the mainnet. But to this you'd need to connect to connect to another environment - like Injected Web3 or Web3 Provider.  When you use Injected Web3 - you need to have MetaMask installed.  

6. Install MetaMask.

Commit message:

update step 2 & intro (#38)
* update step 2 & intro

* update to basics


Former-commit-id: b4ea5266c0e099ffbfe69243fe77d496c83284f1

basics/2_deploy_JSVM/README.md, after:

# Deploying a contract

We've got a compiled contract  - which is to say the solidity code has been transformed into little chunks of Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) bytecode.

Now we have to put that code on a blockchain (or on a simulation of a blockchain). 

1. Click the Deploy and Run icon ![deploy & run icon](https://github.com/ethereum/remix-workshops/blob/master/basics/2_deploy_JSVM/images/run.png "deploy & run icon").   But before you click it, make sure that ballot.sol is the active tab - which it should be if because you just compiled it.
2. Select the **JavaScript VM** from the Environment pulldown.

3. In the text box to the right of the Deploy button, the hint text says: **uint8 _numProposals**.  This means the constructor of the Ballot contract has a parameter **AND** that parameter is **AND** it is an integer that is an **uint8** **AND** the name of the variable **is _numProposals**.  So put a number in this text box.  You can click the caret to open up the interface so you have more room.  This is especially useful if a function has many input parameters.

4. Click the Deploy button (or the transact button in the expanded view).

5. You have deployed the contract to the JSVM - a simulated blockchain that is running inside of your browser window.  The JSVM is the simplest, fastest  and least realistic of test chains.  You can deploy to other test chains or to the mainnet. But to this you'd need to connect to connect to another environment - like Injected Web3 or Web3 Provider.  When you use Injected Web3 - you need to have MetaMask installed.  

6. You could install MetaMask now - or wait until you need it in another tutorial.
